ci: enforce commit message convention, fixes #5037 [skip ci] (#5038)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/developers/building-contributing.md

If your pull request is merged, great! If not, no sweat; it may not be what the project maintainer had in mind, or they were already working on it. This happens, so our recommendation is to take any feedback you’ve received and go forth and pull request again. Or create your own open source project.

### Pull Request Title Guidelines

> We have very precise rules over how our Git commit messages can be formatted. This leads to **more readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**. But also, we use the Git commit messages to **generate the changelog** for the releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have very precise rules over how our PR titles (and thus master-branch commits) are to be formatted. This leads to **more readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**. But also, we use the master-branch Git commit messages to **generate the changelog** for the releases.
```

Author: done

The pull request title must follow this convention which is based on the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification:

`<type>[optional !]: <description>[, fixes #<issue>]`

#### Type

Must be one of the following:

* **build**: Changes that affect the build or external dependencies
* **ci**: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts
* **docs**: Documentation only changes

> * **feat**: A new feature

Reviewer: I see "enhancement" several places, is "feat" same as that?

* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (whitespace, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
* **test**: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests

Regarding SemVer, all types above except `feat` increase the patch version, `feat` increases the minor version.

#### Scope

No scope must be used.

#### Breaking Changes

Breaking changes must have a `!` appended after type/scope.

Regarding SemVer, breaking changes increase the major version.

#### Subject / Description

The subject contains a succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize the first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

If an issue exists for the change, `, fixes #<issue number>` must be appended to the subject.

#### Revert

If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert:`, followed by the header of the reverted commit. In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>.`, where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.

> #### Examples

Reviewer: I think move this to the top, where people will see it right away, right before "Type".

Author: done
